Bonita when people are asked what do you
associate with Japanese homemade foods
every person will answer missile soup
and rice
the ingredients are tofu wakame leek
soup stock and missile when wakame is
salted so clean water to clean drain
water to cut them into 2-inch murder
slice the leeks
boil the soup stock make less dance with
appropriate watch of water dilute it a
little bit sing so that you can help
miss out later when a soup stock is
spoiled
tiny lover medium heat after cutting a
tofu drain white tree add them in the
pot in one minute at welcoming and
assault missile immediate tree and turn
off the fire add the leeks
pour the miso soup in the bowls the
important point is not to boil
ingredients for miso soup for too long
missile has various kinds white missile
red missile and mixed missile each our
choosing in each areas of our families
in addition to wakame and tofu which I
use is throughout the year you can also
use the seasonal ingredients please try
to make a very nutritious miso soup once
in a day